what it said in the tite. im making a documenty about warrior cat aniamtions on yourube
 day. 
Now I’ve said a lot of words, and chances are your clicked on this video because you already knew about this side of the community, but to those who are unaware of what a MAP is, let me explain what it is:
Before we discuss what a MAP is, we need to talk about what it isent.
The term MAP has been around since 1998, which is strange since warrior cats wasent even released at the time, that is until you realize that there not referring to animations of silly cats. 
Pro pedophile groups coined the term in the 90’s in order to normalize pedophila. The term stands for minor attracted person, and it is completely unrelated from the warrior cats community. The term was pretty obscure until 2017 when a bunch of pro pedophila folks tryed to rationalize there attracting by attempting to enter the LGBTQ+ community. To be clear The LGBTQ+ community does not recognize pedophila, MAPs or “MAP PRIDE” or any other term to refer to someone with an atraction to underage children. The LGBTQ community has been combating groomer stereotypes for as long as it has existed, and it sucks to see actually awful people using the movement as a shield. lady teelia, to my knowledge dident know that the term MAP was already being used (albeit badly) and though that it would be fine. The two term have been used parelell to each other throughout the history of YouTube, and from here on out, I will be referring to MAPs, being people with an atraction to minors as pedophiles, and Multi animator projects as MAPs. If I mention Pride and Maps in the same sentence, I want to be very clear that I am talking about a animation project about LGBTQ pride. I am firmly against all types of pedophila, and somtimes am honestly disgusted with what some of the shit people post online. 

Whooo that was… dark. Where we’re we again?
Oh right Multi animator projects.
MAPs in the context of animation are music videos, with more than one animator. Maps are most common in the warrior cats community, with the wings of fire community being close behind, however other fandoms such as marvel, moana, and shrek  earrape all star music

A map host is usually the person who selects the theme of the map, and the song to go along with it.
The host will post a video called a “MAP call” that simply plays the song, and shows the differing parts
People will comment on the video, or more commenly today, join dedicated discord servers and apply for a part or two. The parts are usually no more than 5-10 seconds long, and are stitched together with all the other parts in order to make the complete video, which the host publishes and stuff. Artists are encouraged to use there own unique style, resulting in wildly different scenes and designs. At first glance, the videos seem disjointed and a bit chaotic, with art styles changing almost every 10 seconds, but that’s part of the charm. 
There are more types of maps and creative ways people have used the medium, but I’m going to save that for when we get to those videos

this is what i wrote
